docs: Document account merging in the auth module (#754)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/04-authentication/04-working-with-users.md

);
```

## Merging accounts

When a user adds a sign-in method that already belongs to a different account, the two accounts have to become one. Serverpod does not merge them on its own: you decide when to offer the merge, and run it once the user accepts.

A merge runs as an ordered list of hooks (declared in `mergeHooks`). All hooks run inside one transaction, so a failure at any step leaves both accounts untouched. By default, `AccountMergeConfig` fills the list with these hooks:

| Hook | What it does |
| --- | --- |
| `defaultIdpMergeHandler` | Calls `mergeAuthUsers` on every initialized identity provider (e.g. Email, Google, Apple, etc.). |

> | `defaultCoreDataMergeHandler` | Merges the scopes of the `AuthUser` records, and moves the tokens, server-side sessions, and user profile. |

Reviewer: Suggestion: this row leaves out two things the handler does.

It also carries the blocked flag across, `mergedBlocked = userToKeep.blocked || userToRemove.blocked`, so merging a blocked account into a good one blocks the survivor. And the profile is merged rather than moved: when both users have one it runs `keepProfile.merge(removeProfile)` and moves the image only if the kept profile has none. The move-it-across path logs a warning calling itself "likely an error".

```suggestion
| `defaultCoreDataMergeHandler` | Merges the scopes and the blocked flag of the `AuthUser` records, moves the refresh tokens and server-side sessions, and merges the user profiles. A user blocked on either account stays blocked after the merge. |
```
